hola welcome back everybody we're on
another episode phonetic got his back no
he's back to gloat because they believe
but we will get to that way I have to
work up to his tie Ric I don't want to
deal with that right now so the first
thing we're talking about something we
visited last time Scott was here and
that's the wild card picture now the
last time he didn't have like a really
good example of all the things that go
into a wild card right because it was
still too early to tell wait early but
we have a good one but i have to absent
waited to you because it is very very
convoluted so we're gonna talk about the
dips the new york dip I know the last
king that anyone thinks would actually
go to the playoffs I actually don't
please are going to go to playoffs I
think this is ridiculous you know what I
will agree with you on that we agree how
I for agreeing right so yeah don't think
I gotta go to the playoffs but just to
tell you how ridiculous the wild card
picture can get gonna read this to you
so next week which is week 15 the
steelers have to pee does no that's fine
that's in dallas right yeah um yeah well
you know we are horrible home team our
record at home is not that good we asked
alice is actually better on the road
than we are I could probably support
that view yeah it's it's fact but
Pittsburghers without big ben so no he's
playing I thought he was out he played
yesterday did you fight yesterday I was
thank you be watching that's why
everybody was well at least amongst the
AFC west and north we're making a kind
of a deal that San Diego's never
actually won in Pittsburgh before and
mr. do was dance day that they actually
did well I didn't see the game so hard a
big man look I know watch game i watch
the highlights but um I guess you can
tell he's still Kelly an injury i
factored them you know otherwise if he
was top form almost certain steelers
could won that game especially playing a
home game and you did a very good record
I get Rick I'm like a we don't have a
good record
ok so anyway steelers have to beat
dallas and then philly has to beat the
bangles that have to happen next week to
help the Jets go to the playoffs then
week 16 and the bangles have to beat the
steelers um and then the Jets huh could
be the target oh yeah there's so many
societies separation going to help the
Jets I mean the real question is do all
these teams want to help them right so
bottom line is like this team has to win
none of this really except for the one
game where I'm the Jets have to be the
charters none of it really has to do
with anything about the judge though
everyone else has to lose and win to
help the Jets gift who are the Jets
phone yesterday I don't even know
another team I don't wish pull up it's
so bad